listen alamo drafthouse packed a theater
full of pregnant women to watch this
movie for an advanced screening which
i think is the funniest thing in the
world like we're talking about a story
where a little kid's body gets inhabited
by another being that's ready to spread
evil and even though this is a re-edit
because the studio kept blocking it the
first time around and they just
i don't know they wanted us to cut out
the negative parts i haven't but i do
still give it a rinse it and even years
later
this movie has me rethinking having lme
babies anytime soon
still let me explain so the movie starts
off in ohio where a serial killer named
edward is kidnapping women
he's cutting off their hands and then
doing this weird ritual with their limbs
as he
hums a game of thrones like him this
dude is known as the thrush creek killer
who eventually gets caught when one of
his victims gets away and someone gives
her a hand to escape
meanwhile in pennsylvania captain
mid-america and piper chapman are having
a child and on that same night
at the exact same time that serial
killer in ohio gets caught
pulls it chucky as he gets shot and
enters the body of the closest baby
being born at the time
because of this ancient ritual that he
pulled again don't try this at home
thus this kid comes out with two
different colored eyes just like the
killer
everyone thinks he's a prodigy not
realizing that there's an old man living
in there
and while his parents think he's up late
studied kid is doing these demonic
sounding chants by his bed instead
now it's not like a benjamin button case
where this old man has full control
they're actually sharing the body so
there's a point where the kid pulls a
black mirror and realizes that there's
someone inside of him trying to take
over
so by five years old edward starts
taking command of the body
he's playing hide and freak with the
babysitter dressing up like a 21 pilots
fan
pulls on moonlight at school and as the
parents try to figure out what's going
on
this old man inside the kid comes up
with an abuse narrative that just
halts everything now there's a lot and i
mean
a lot of creepy kid movies coming out
and i think the reason they personally
irked me
is because i don't know how you get out
of that situation
like if there's a grown killer right
y'all just tell people and they'll be on
your side
if there's a monster you just got to
show them proof hell if there's a
possessed doll i'm pretty sure you can
still sway people to believe in you
but a kid they can straight knock
somebody out at school
and the next day that kid will be served
fruit snacks and an apple juice by a
therapist caressing them about their
past
you don't remember what they did to
michael so the mom then decides to start
recording the kid mumble rapping at
night and realizes that he's speaking an
ancient hungarian language that less
than 4 000 people know
so it pretty much narrows it down to who
it could be but the funniest part though
is when a doctor a scientist someone in
the
medical field suggests that it's
reincarnation
and doesn't think twice about it now i'm
watching the movie so i know that's what
it is but
lady you have a degree mom then goes
down a rabbit hole of research as she
tries to connect this deceased serial
killer
to her son and i kid you not there is a
point in the movie where it started
feeling like a psa
like i started wondering if the
filmmakers actually believed in this
thing that was happening in the movie
like everyone's seen those movies
dealing with human trafficking where
they like
pause the movie halfway through and
remind you oh this isn't just a thriller
these travesties happen every day and
they show you like real life footage of
it
well this movie has a bit of footage
from what i think was like nightline
that the lady is watching
where a real family who believes in this
is trying to spread awareness
but i had to search up to make sure that
this movie wasn't directed by a
middle-aged man in a five-year-old body
trying to tell us something
it's not as the killer starts taking
over mile's body he goes out and
kills the dog he baits his parents into
yelling at him in public
gets the dad to accuse him of spying on
him in his own home which
is a wild thing to not have control over
your household but then straight up
shanks the dead into a coma and is able
to blame it on a car accident
meanwhile the mom's like come here baby
miles ends up blackmailing this dude
who's trying to hypnotize the truth out
of him by
claiming that he's been drugged and
touched by that guy
and miles even goes as far miles
literally goes to the point of putting
pubes that he found in the dude's
bathroom in his mouth
so the guy wouldn't call his bluff pubes
homie what so now the mom's torn because
she wants to kill half of the kid who's
inside of him but
also wants to keep the other half that
is her child and since king solomon
ain't around she decides
to do the weirdest thing possible and
that's finish the killer's wish
so in order to get rid of the old man
living inside her five-year-old child
she decides to find the runaway victim
that got away
and kill her in hopes that edward would
just break on through to the other side
but
[Music]
it turns out that edward had already
completely taken over mao's body
like halfway through the movie the mom
then tries to abraham the boy
gets shot by a nearby hunter instead and
little miles gets moved to a foster home
where he's already salivating over his
new mama's hand
as he looks into the mirror revealing
the old man
edward that has fully taken over
also proving that all these creepy kid
movies out there
have become the best form of birth
control thank you guys for checking out
this video i'm curious know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section
i thought it was a fun watch right it
gets really absurd and crazy supposedly
there was a scene according to the
director
that while they were testing it with
audiences they had to cut
because people they were like screaming
to the point that they couldn't hear the
follow-up line
i don't know could be just marketing but
i think that's pretty interesting i
always find it interesting that they
have the adr the kids lines like the kid
can't say
stuff like i'm putting pubes in my mouth
so i don't know how
they like mess around with it in the
editing bay like do they just get him to
say the entire alphabet and then siri
him
i have no idea i mean we are dealing
with a kid who is obsessed with hands
more than tarantino is with feet but
i'm curious to know your thoughts about
it do you think there's going to be a
sequel i mean the mom is gone but the
dad may come out of the coma
is the kid just going to continue doing
things until he gets older and
you know the man just becomes a man
again i think it's hilarious when you
really think about it
that a serial killer is inside this
boy's body and he's fully taken over
halfway through the movie
can you imagine old man sitting through
elementary school it's
i think it's hilarious i thought the
movie was entertaining curious some of
you guys thoughts down below in the
comment section
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and that kid in the corner
will go away